in that day the Lord with his severe
in that day the Lord with his severe sword great and strong will punish
sword great and strong will punish
sword great and strong will punish Leviathan the fleeing serpent Leviathan
Leviathan the fleeing serpent Leviathan
Leviathan the fleeing serpent Leviathan that twisted serpent and he will slay
that twisted serpent and he will slay
that twisted serpent and he will slay the reptile that is in the sea in that
the reptile that is in the sea in that
the reptile that is in the sea in that day sing to her a vineyard of red wine I
day sing to her a vineyard of red wine I
day sing to her a vineyard of red wine I the Lord keep it I water it every moment
the Lord keep it I water it every moment
the Lord keep it I water it every moment lest any hurt it I keep it night and day
lest any hurt it I keep it night and day
lest any hurt it I keep it night and day fury is not in me who would set briars
fury is not in me who would set briars
fury is not in me who would set briars and thorns against me in battle I would
and thorns against me in battle I would
and thorns against me in battle I would go through them I would burn them
go through them I would burn them
go through them I would burn them together or let him take hold of my
together or let him take hold of my
together or let him take hold of my strength that he may make peace with me
strength that he may make peace with me
strength that he may make peace with me and he shall make peace with me those
and he shall make peace with me those
and he shall make peace with me those who come he shall cause to take root in
who come he shall cause to take root in
who come he shall cause to take root in Jacob Israel shall blossom and bud and
Jacob Israel shall blossom and bud and
Jacob Israel shall blossom and bud and fill the face of the world with fruit as
fill the face of the world with fruit as
fill the face of the world with fruit as he struck Israel as he struck those who
he struck Israel as he struck those who
he struck Israel as he struck those who struck him or has he been slain
struck him or has he been slain
struck him or has he been slain according to the slaughter of those who
according to the slaughter of those who
according to the slaughter of those who were slain by him in measure by sending
were slain by him in measure by sending
were slain by him in measure by sending it away you contended with it he removes
it away you contended with it he removes
it away you contended with it he removes it by his rough wind in the day of the
it by his rough wind in the day of the
it by his rough wind in the day of the east wind therefore by this the iniquity
east wind therefore by this the iniquity
east wind therefore by this the iniquity of Jacob will be covered and this is all
of Jacob will be covered and this is all
of Jacob will be covered and this is all the fruit of taking away his sin when he
the fruit of taking away his sin when he
the fruit of taking away his sin when he makes all the stones of the altar like
makes all the stones of the altar like
makes all the stones of the altar like chalk stones that are beaten to dust
chalk stones that are beaten to dust
chalk stones that are beaten to dust wooden images and incense altars shall
wooden images and incense altars shall
wooden images and incense altars shall not stand yet the fortified city will be
not stand yet the fortified city will be
not stand yet the fortified city will be desolate the habitation Forsaken and
desolate the habitation Forsaken and
desolate the habitation Forsaken and left like a wilderness there the calf
left like a wilderness there the calf
left like a wilderness there the calf will feed and there it will lie down and
will feed and there it will lie down and
will feed and there it will lie down and consume its branches when its boughs are
consume its branches when its boughs are
consume its branches when its boughs are withered they will be broken off the
withered they will be broken off the
withered they will be broken off the women come and set them on fire for it
women come and set them on fire for it
women come and set them on fire for it is a people of no understanding
is a people of no understanding
is a people of no understanding therefore he who made them will not have
therefore he who made them will not have
therefore he who made them will not have mercy on them and he who formed them
mercy on them and he who formed them
mercy on them and he who formed them will show them no favor and it shall
will show them no favor and it shall
will show them no favor and it shall come to pass in that day that the Lord
come to pass in that day that the Lord
come to pass in that day that the Lord will threat
will threat
will threat from the channel of the river to the
from the channel of the river to the
from the channel of the river to the brook of Egypt and you will be gathered
brook of Egypt and you will be gathered
brook of Egypt and you will be gathered one by one o you children of Israel so
one by one o you children of Israel so
one by one o you children of Israel so it shall be in that day the great
it shall be in that day the great
it shall be in that day the great trumpet will be blown they will come who
trumpet will be blown they will come who
trumpet will be blown they will come who were about to perish in the land of
were about to perish in the land of
were about to perish in the land of Assyria and they who are outcasts in the
Assyria and they who are outcasts in the
Assyria and they who are outcasts in the land of Egypt and shall worship the Lord
land of Egypt and shall worship the Lord
land of Egypt and shall worship the Lord in the holy mount at Jerusalem